#summary Report for 3/21-3/27

=Report=

==Caleb Mays, Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: Dynamic NPC options. The user can now go to the options menu and type in how many NPCs they want.
   * Future tasks researched: I haven't too much time for researching potential things. 
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Add more NPCs. Keep writing documentation stuff as well. 


==Dan Jewett, Modeler/Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: Camera fixes.  DProduct is completely rewritten.  No longer uses the generic box anymore.  Dynamically creates a box for dynamic textures soon to be.  Re-adjusted the lighting.  Tweaked Random Person so people aren't so much giants. Added a ceiling to the warehouse.  CLOD doesn't work, so I added a far clipping plane with fog.  This will only render a certain area.  I also took the original xml file that the first team did and added the surrounding room thing again, but with the clipping plane.
   * Future tasks researched: Rendering, Animation, Texturing, Lighting.
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Model Grand Central.  Sound Effects.  Finish populating the warehouse with new models, adding permanent positions with new models.


==Chris Bush, Team Leader/Software Developer/Network Specialist==

  * Tasks accomplished: See revision 142. I added basic persistence so that when you move a pallet, it stays moved. I fixed the loading screen so you can actually tell when progress is made during loading. I removed the annoying locked meshes warning JME gives so that we can actually read the console. I worked on acquiring textures for products, but ran into issues with Google. I also finished threaded loading and cut load time down to 60 seconds.
  * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Add more features to data persistence. Finish getting textures for products.

==Time and Financial Report==

||*Hours*||*Week*||*YTD*||*+/-*|| ||*Parts Purchased During Current Week*||*Cost*||
||Chris Bush||15||108||0|| || || ||
||Caleb Mays||13||102.5||-5.5|| || || ||
||Dan Jewett||14||112||+4|| ||*Weekly Total*||$3.50||
||*Totals*|| x || x || x || ||*YTD Total*||$3.50||


=Meeting Notes / Task Assignments=

  * General - 
  * Chris - 
  * Caleb - 
  * Dan - 