#summary Report for 3/14-3/20

=Report=

==Caleb Mays, Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: Started writing documentation (User Manual basically complete, started Maintenance Manual). Thought about threaded loading, but would like a little bit of advice for how to do it...
   * Future tasks researched: Threaded loading of models. 
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Start programming threaded loading. Do you (whomever is reading this) think I should divide up the threads based on what "type" is being loaded?? Or...how should I best attack this?? 


==Dan Jewett, Modeler/Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: New Textures (Warehouse Modified).  Modified objects (Arrow, Guard Rails, Garbage to name a few).  Fixed DProduct so it does not have open flaps.  New Lighting and almost completed with shadows.
   * Future tasks researched: Rendering, Animation, Texturing, Lighting.
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Finish populating the warehouse with new models, adding permanent positions with new models. Need a priority list of what we feel needs to be done.


==Chris Bush, Team Leader/Software Developer/Network Specialist==

  * Tasks accomplished: Basic functionality of auto completion done. We need to do a little bit of polishing to make it look smoother and perform testing to make sure it is robust. Also created a thread for loading the objects in the warehouse by room, to allow for multithreaded loading.
  * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Continue work on multithreaded loading and work on data persistence. 

==Time and Financial Report==

||*Hours*||*Week*||*YTD*||*+/-*|| ||*Parts Purchased During Current Week*||*Cost*||
||Chris Bush||12||93||-3|| || || ||
||Caleb Mays||12||89.5||-6.5|| || || ||
||Dan Jewett||11.5||98||+2|| ||*Weekly Total*||$0.00||
||*Totals*|| x || x || x || ||*YTD Total*||$0.00||


=Meeting Notes / Task Assignments=

  * General - 
  * Chris - 
  * Caleb - 
  * Dan - 