#summary Report for 3/28-4/3

=Report=

==Caleb Mays, Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: Cleaned up the Auto-completion so the character is not walking through the pallet or anything ridiculous.
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Add more NPCs. Keep writing documentation stuff as well. 


==Dan Jewett, Modeler/Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: Began modeling Grand Central (ran into a few problems).  Modified the Product class with Chris.  Helped Caleb at the beginning of the week with some bugs/modifying pallet class.
   * Future tasks researched:  Rendering, Animation, Texturing, Lighting
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Finish modeling Grand Central. Obtain some textures manually for products.  Modeling the floor bins.  Sound Effects. Finish populating the warehouse with new models, adding permanent positions with new models.


==Chris Bush, Team Leader/Software Developer/Network Specialist==

  * Tasks accomplished: Fixed pallet pickup issues and data persistence with random pallets. Fixed loading issue with loading jme binary files from filesystem. Got loading time down to ~65 seconds on my machine. Fixed various bounding box issues with pallets around the warehouse floor. Designed method for implementing Vocollect feedback for autocompletion.
  * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Implement Vocollect feedback for auto completion, add support for rack-based pallets for data persistence. Optimize.

==Time and Financial Report==

||*Hours*||*Week*||*YTD*||*+/-*|| ||*Parts Purchased During Current Week*||*Cost*||
||Chris Bush||16||124||+4|| || || ||
||Caleb Mays||12||114.5||-5.5|| || || ||
||Dan Jewett||12||124||+4|| ||*Weekly Total*||||
||*Totals*|| x || x || x || ||*YTD Total*||$3.50||


=Meeting Notes / Task Assignments=

  * General - 
  * Chris - 
  * Caleb - 
  * Dan - 