#summary Report for 2/8-2/14

=Report=

==Caleb Mays, Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: Basically finished the new collision detection system. There are only a few more "boxes" that need to be added to the db to make it fully complete (interior walls, yellow door guards, etc...)
   * Future tasks researched: Rotating the collision "box" around the vehicle and Auto-completion.
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Auto-completion, adding perhaps a few more Npcs into the game, and ensuring collision detection is completed.


==Dan Jewett, Modeler/Software Developer==

   * Tasks accomplished: Got many of the models that are already done into the warehouse. Having some major problems with textures.  Also began redoing the pallet and box class, which is also having some major problems.  This required some learning of the old code to figure out how to make this better
   * Future tasks researched: Rendering, Animation, Texturing
   * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Pallets/Boxes, Begin and finish models that require animation from the Graphics class.  Also try completing importing the rest of the models that we already have.

==Chris Bush, Team Leader/Software Developer/Network Specialist==

  * Tasks accomplished: Worked on collision detection, began design and implementation of autocompletion per task list
  * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Finish fetching textures from the internet for products. I apologize for falling slightly behind on that task. I was concentrating on collision detection this week. Continue working on autocompletion. We're about on schedule for our major tasks, I believe.

==Time and Financial Report==

||*Hours*||*Week*||*YTD*||*+/-*|| ||*Parts Purchased During Current Week*||*Cost*||
||Chris Bush|| 12 || 43 ||-5|| || || ||
||Caleb Mays||13.5||48.5||+.5|| || || ||
||Dan Jewett||13 ||51||+3|| ||*Weekly Total*||$0.00||
||*Totals*|| ||76||-4|| ||*YTD Total*||$0.00||


=Meeting Notes / Task Assignments=

  * General - 
  * Chris - 
  * Caleb - 
  * Dan - 