#summary Weekly Report from Jan 17th to Jan 24th.

= Introduction =

This is our first wiki-based weekly report.  As such, it includes only those notes which which we took on our first advisor meeting on 24 Jan.


= Report =

==Summary==

This week we migrated our repository to Google Code to provide issue tracking, wiki functionality, and a public subversion repository. We also began implementation of a data-driven controller interface.

==Chris Bush, Team Leader/Vocollect/Network/Database Developer==

  * Tasks accomplished: Migrated repository to Google Code (see instructional email). Began design and implementation of data-driven controller interface for player. Briefly assisted Caleb with NPC design. Began script to crawl Google Images for product texturing.
  
  * Most immediate upcoming tasks: Finish controller interface and web crawler for product texturing.

==Caleb Mays, Software Developer==

  * Tasks accomplished: Designed and Partially implemented Autonomous characters (Npc) class. I worked with Dan to get the autonomous characters actually into the warehouse. I helped Dan find the random pallet-jack that was being loaded right underneath the player. Also, I worked with Dan to find that we were actually initializing the system and game twice.

  * Future tasks researched: Helped Dan begin to fix the collision detection when backing into the wall. I will also perhaps work with Dan a bit on this in the future.

  * Most immediate upcoming tasks: This week I will begin coding a shortest path algorithm so that the characters will move about the warehouse. I hope to be actually finding the path characters should go done by the end of the week, and then have the characters actually moving sometime next week.

==*Dan Jewett, Modeler/Software Developer*==

  * Tasks accomplished: Modified the MD5 class to allow for random textures for the autonomous characters.  Got the SVN working with Google code.  Fixed a lot of small issues, such as extra cameras and lighting.  Found a major problem in that it loaded the whole game twice and solved this issue.  Those were the major things.

  * Research for future tasks: Animation, texturing

  * Most immediate upcoming tasks:  Fix texture problems.  Figure out other ways to make the game run much faster.  Increase clutter in warehouse.

==Time and Financial Report==

||*Hours*||*Week*||*YTD*||*+/-*|| ||*Parts Purchased During Current Week*||*Cost*||
||Chris Bush||12||12||0|| || || ||
||Caleb Mays||13||13||+1|| || || ||
||Dan Jewett||17||17||+5|| ||*Weekly Total*||$0.00||
||*Totals*||42||42||+6|| ||*YTD Total*||$0.00||

= Meeting Notes/Task Assignments =

+ _Chris_ - outline specific tasks (designing, scheduling roll-out, etc), data-driven interface, look into profiling.

+ _Caleb_ - autonomous characters, and helping Chris whenever possible.

+ _Dan_ - autonomous characters (aesthetic design) 

Momentum is crucial. Let's start rolling.